Add tool updates to the 2201.11.0 release note (#9681)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.11.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

- Added support for relaxed data binding on the client side payload. This enables, `nil` values are treated as optional, and absent fields are handled as `nilable` types.

#### WSDL tool

- Introduced a new tool to generate Ballerina clients and record types from a given WSDL file.
- This simplifies the integration with SOAP-based web services by automatically generating necessary types and client functions.

```
  $ bal wsdl <wsdl-file-path> [--operations <operation-uris>] [--module <output-module-name>] [--port <port-name>]
```

| Option | Description | Mandatory/Optional |
|--------|-------------|--------------------|
| `<wsdl-file-path>` | The path of the WSDL file. | Mandatory |
| `--operations <operation-uris>` | A comma-separated list of operation URIs for which client methods should be generated. If not provided, methods for all operations in the WSDL file will be generated. | Optional |

> | `-m, --module <output-module-name>` | The name of the module where the generated client and record types will be placed. If not provided, output files will be saved to the current Ballerina project. | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-m, --module <output-module-name>` | The name of the module where the generated client and record types will be placed. If not provided, output files will be saved to the project default package. | Optional |
```

| `-p, --port <port-name>` | The name of the port that defines the service endpoint. If specified, a client will be generated only for this port. Otherwise, clients for all available ports will be generated. | Optional |

#### XSD tool

- Introduced a new tool to generate Ballerina record types from an XSD file.
- Simplifies integration with XML-based operations in Ballerina.

```
  $ bal xsd <xsd-file-path> --module <output-module-name>
```

| Option | Description | Mandatory/Optional |
|--------|-------------|--------------------|
| `<xsd-file-path>` | The path of the XSD file | Mandatory |

> | `-m`, `--module`   | The name of the module in which the Ballerina record types are generated. If not provided, the output file will be saved to the same Ballerina project | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-m`, `--module`   | The name of the module in which the Ballerina record types are generated. If not provided, the output file will be saved to the project default package | Optional |
```
